# Decoding Old Texts

During the exploration in the most remote place of our planet, the remains of an ancient civilization, carefully hidden in the dark depths of caves, were discovered. Among these rare finds, we came across clay tablets with mysterious texts, the meaning of which remains shrouded in fog. What is Strange, each table seems to be written in a different language.
Professors from the University were faced with a challenge: will they find out which language corresponds to the texts on the individual tables? To unravel this mystery, they collected information about all possible languages in which texts could be written. They formally described these languages using grammars.
To facilitate the process of automatic processing of these languages, professors proposed a standardized notation of all rules and converted grammars into this unified form. This representation allows you to rewrite the left side of the rule to two non-terminals or one terminal. If necessary, the generation of an empty word is also allowed by a rule that overwrites the initial nonterminal to nothing, but the initial nonterminal must not be contained in the right side of any rule of this grammar.
The following night was devoted to the transcription of symbols from clay tablets. To our great pleasure, this ancient civilization used a set of symbols that exactly corresponded to the symbols in ASCII coding, which allowed us to more easily convert the symbols into a modern form and easily process them by computers.
However, there are no skilled programmers at the university, so they are looking for help. The university is looking for those who would be able to write a program that would decide whether a given word belongs to the language represented by the grammars described above. In case of a positive answer, in addition, it is necessary to find a way how this word can be formed according to the rules of grammar.
Implement the task in the form of a program function in C++, whose signature is: std:: vector<size_t> trace (const Grammar&, const Word&);. The input of the function is the grammar of the language (represented as a Grammar structure) and the word (Word) for which you have to determine whether it belongs to the language. These structures are defined in the test environment, see the sample file. Grammar is defined as standard as in lectures. For simplicity, grammar symbols are defined as any values of type char. If the word belongs to the language, then return some sequence of indices of the rules from which it arose by successive derivation of the cheapest nonterminal. The rules are numbered from zero. If the word does not belong to the language, then you are expected to return an empty sequence.
